papers in today's video is a hair
tutorial and this is on this glamorous
on half up half down hairstyle and I
think it's absolutely gorgeous and
perfect for maybe a fancy event like a
wedding but it's just perfect for any
formal occasion and I am featuring a
flatiron in this video and my dog just
opened my door if those really weird
this Flatiron is the Avanti ultra from
Flatiron and experts calm I will link
that in the downbar if you're interested
but um basically this Flatiron can also
curl your hair it's amazing a flatiron
flat ironing your hair it's the number
two rated flat iron on flat iron experts
but it basically do you best flat iron
and curling iron so I'm so excited to do
a tutorial with this so if you're
interested in seeing this video and on
how to get this half up half down
hairstyle then just keep on watching for
this hairstyle you will need a rat tail
comb your flat iron bobby pins and of
course your hairspray so I'm just taking
my hair and doing a middle part using
the tip of my rat tail comb the middle
part is optional but I just love doing
this with curly hair I just think it
adds a little bit of a glamorous
touch to any hairstyle so that is my
middle part next we're just going to
separate and section off your hair I
just like to do three sections this in
the bottom section and yes I look like a
dork so taking my flat iron I put it up
to 450 degrees and I'm going to take a
section of my hair and what you're gonna
do is you're gonna place it not all the
way at your roots but just at the top of
your hair and you're going to turn the
flat iron as you can see what I'm doing
and you're just going to
you slowly pull down you don't want to
go too fast as it might not curl it so
slowly and I do see the steam in my hair
it's not burning I promise you and then
you are left with this beautiful spiral
curl so now that you know how to curl
your hair with a flat iron I'm just
going to do the rest of my head and
speed this up and I will talk to you
when I finished
now you're going to want to take
sections at the top of your hair by the
root and take your rat tail comb and
start teasing at the top to add a little
bit of volume because it is a middle
part you still want that volume so it
doesn't look so flat so I tease my hair
and I'm taking my bobby pins starting at
the ears gather your hair into the back
of your head and secure it with some
bobby pins that match your hair color to
finish off this hairstyles for your
favorite hairspray to add some holes I
added a pair of glamorous earrings from
H&M and that is the completed hairstyle
if you guys enjoyed this video and I
will talk to you later bye